I think when most think of Puerto Rico, they think of sun,
beach, mofongo, good food.
Just beautiful, loving, and joyful people.
But they don't realize there's a lot of spiritual activity
that's been taking place on this island for a decade.
And our goal is to make sure everybody on the island
knows about this beautiful work taking place.
Jesus said that we would be one flock, one shepherd.
And sometimes if you live on an island in the middle of the ocean,
you may feel a little bit isolated.
But when the whole world comes to town,
and you get to experience it on your own soil,
it is just a tremendous experience.
And that's what we've seen here in Puerto Rico.
The brothers have just been so excited about the program.
You can see Jehovah really is blessed
the brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico.
Having delegates coming from the different countries,
from Cuba, Brazil, Guyana, the United States,
and it's drawn them together in love.
It's just been like a big hug for the whole branch territory.
We have many of them.
Welcome, brothers.
We hope you will enjoy the spiritual food.
We love you very much.
Well, we heard about the convention here.
And so we applied immediately
because we had been here 50 years before
to the first international convention here.
Brother Nore encouraged us to go into Spanish.
So we did 50 years ago.
We wanted to come back.
Well, I think of the work of the brothers and sisters
that put into preparing for this convention.
We think of the negotiations that were taking place
for over a year ago.
And then the preparation for the delegates,
all the work with the audio and video.
It really shows what these brothers have done
and all the crews and their families
in making this happen.
And that just, that's a lot of love.
Excellent.
The brothers have gone above and beyond.
Nothing has stood underway.
Well, as soon as I came through the door
from the baggage claim area,
there was a huge group of brothers and sisters
and everyone applauding.
And it just made us feel like one big family.
Besides the overwhelming heat,
it was the overwhelming love.
I feel like it's been a lesson in hospitality.
You know, because the friends have been just so welcoming.
And I feel like it's just made an imprint on my heart.
Well, I think the Puerto Rican and really the Caribbean spirit
is a lot of enthusiasm, a lot of hugging,
a lot of kissing, a lot of love.
When there's two Puerto Ricans together,
they sound like ten.
I already crazed so much.
You have made me cry again.
Thank you.
When I'm on stage signing,
I see brothers crying.
And I realize that I'm doing this
for Jehovah and the brothers.
The highlight for me is always going out in the ministry
and the countries that we visit.
That's a memory that I'll take home with me.
Because when we unite together in doing our preaching work,
that's like the best form of unity that we can have.
We knock at the door and there came a lady
and we invited her to the convention.
And she said,
Oh, I think I can make it on Friday.
I came because of an invitation that I received,
which is this one.
Actually, she called me this morning at 6.30 a.m.
I was not going to answer the phone because I did.
It was she that she was telling me that she was coming.
I like the theme of the resurrection very much
because, well, it's been two years.
I lost my father and I haven't been able to get over that.
It helped me think more about God
and it gives me comfort to know that my dad is okay.
This convention is so beautiful.
It moves you to the core.
You know, at this convention, we learned about loyalty
and we learned that loyalty is really an aspect of love.
And so we had an opportunity to show our love
for our brothers, our love for Jehovah
and it helped us to understand loyalty in just a whole different way.
And I think when the brothers go home,
that picture of their desire to be loyal to Jehovah,
to be loyal to our brotherhood,
is going to be fixed in their mind.
It's going to be something unforgettable.